## Authentication Working Group Minutes

Tuesday, 2020/05/26

10:00 am ET

## Attendees:

Terrell Russell, Jason Coposky, Kory Draughn, Alan King, Jaspreet Gill, Dave Fellinger, Daniel Moore, Brett Hartley (Sanger), Deep Patel (NIEHS), Mike Conway (NIEHS), John Constable (Sanger), Stefan Wolfsheimer (SURFsara), Claudio Cacciari (SURFsara), Ton Smeele (Utrecht), Nirav Merchant (CyVerse), Tony Edgin (CyVerse)

## Minutes

### SUMMARY:

Consortium has implemented:
 - first draft of this Gen2 API...
 - a development package for clients/plugins to be built against
 - first example plugin with the native authentication flow from April (PAM #2 in line)
 - diagram of connection/flow

### DEMO and DISCUSSION:

 - Jason - demo and code walkthrough 
    - Good questions, framework holds
    - Makes the client more flexible
    - Need to make the server more smart
 - PAM to be the next example/port - could set up a separate call
 - OpenID possible next
 - Kerberos... would just be a repackaging of the existing code

 - Agree to steer away from standardizing on OAuth2, for now
    - Would standardize the client side, but community too diverse for now

 - Concerns/discussion mostly around how to deploy this cleanly, and what changes to roll out to make sure clients can do what they need

