## Authentication Working Group Minutes

Tuesday, 2021/10/26

10:00 am ET

## Attendees:

Terrell Russell, Alan King, Dave Fellinger, Tony Edgin (CyVerse), Martin Golasowski (IT4I), Stephan Hachinger (LRZ), Negar Shojael Irz (LRZ)

## Minutes

### SUMMARY:

DISCUSSION

 - No updates
   - Still planning to incorporate this group's work into 4.3.0
   - Estimating Q1 2022 release
 - IT4I - Martin - .irodsA, still having to call external Python script to replace the full token with the hash that is needed.  Should be able to incorporate this external script call into the iinit directly - remove the need for the additional call on the client side.
   - WIll get link to this python script
 - IT4I - Martin - Authentication microservice, having trouble with the PyJWT library, getting signatures to align correctly
   - Mentioned in slides from UGM
 - Next Meeting Jan 2022
