## Authentication Working Group Minutes

Tuesday, 2021/03/23

10:00 am ET

## Attendees:

Terrell Russell, Jason Coposky, Dave Fellinger, Kory Draughn, Tony Edgin (CyVerse), Deep Patel (NIEHS), Brett Hartley (Sanger), Lazlo Westerhof (Utrecht University), Mike Conway (NIEHS), John Constable (Sanger)

## Minutes

### SUMMARY:

DISCUSSION

 - Consortium working to port authentication plugins for 4.3.0 with new framework
   - Requires both APIs to remain functional
   - Backwards compatibility for Federation reasons
 - Consortium investigating Keycloak
   - Martin using Keycloak already, using with microservice
     - https://github.com/lexis-project/irods_auth_plugin_openid/tree/irods-4.2.8
     - https://github.com/lexis-project/auth_microservice 
 - Work progressing
   - Decision to put this working group on hold until after UGM2021
   - Next Meeting will be July 2021

