## Authentication Working Group Minutes

Tuesday, 2021/07/27

10:00 am ET

## Attendees:

Terrell Russell, Daniel Moore, Rubén García-Hernandez (LRZ), Brett Hartley (Sanger)

## Minutes

### SUMMARY:

DISCUSSION

 - Rubén - working with auth_microservice
   - as long as there was a valid token in the database, a user shows up with a different token, server appears to use the original database token
 - Rubén - still concerned that the openid flow is not following the standard flow
   - still requires a pre-authentication call to the iRODS server
 - Rubén - main concern is we need to support the full length tokens
   - rather than having to use a hash
 - Plan is to use this group's work as basis for 4.3.0
   - Future work could be to incorporate Keycloak as iRODS Server dependency directly
 - Working towards 4.3.0
   - Next Meeting October 2021
