## Authentication Working Group Minutes

Tuesday, 2022/07/26

10:00 am ET

## Attendees:

Terrell Russell, Kory Draughn, Alan King, Stefan Wolfsheimer (SURF), Deep Patel (NIEHS), Mike Conway (NIEHS), John Constable (Sanger)

## Minutes

### SUMMARY:

DISCUSSION

 - UGM recap
   - Alan presented 4.3.0
   - Stefan presented pam_interactive
     - Some additional interest regarding OIDC from Jan Martinovič (VŠB – Technical University of Ostrava)
 - Stefan update
   - Since UGM, reactivated the OIDC workflow
   - Working with local IDP and 4.3.0
   - Paper for the proceedings
   - Next steps
     - working with irods_development/testing_environments
     - one additional case (pam_interactive) to iinit
       - https://github.com/irods/irods_client_icommands/compare/main...stefan-wolfsheimer:irods_client_icommands:4-3_pam_interactive 
       - included in 4.3.1 icommands
     - Tests before merge
 - GA4GH / DRS considerations
   - https://github.com/ga4gh/data-repository-service-schemas 
   - https://github.com/NIEHS/irods-data-repository-service/ 
   - Bearer tokens - how does this play with the iRODS auth / roadmap?
   - Via iRODS REST API (either Java and/or C++)
   - Possible keycloak service in front of iRODS
     - Or https://www.okta.com/ (Sanger)
     - How could/does this play with PAM?  Or iRODS tickets?
   - Do the token claims make it to the iRODS server?  For policy enforcement.
 - Next meeting
   - Aug 2022

