## Authentication Working Group Minutes

Tuesday, 2022/02/22

10:00 am ET

## Attendees:

Terrell Russell, Alan King, Kory Draughn, Dave Fellinger, Mike Conway (NIEHS), Martin Golasowski (IT4I), Claudio Cacciari (SURFsara), John Constable (Sanger)

## Minutes

### SUMMARY:

DISCUSSION

 - Incorporating AWG framework into main branch (for 4.3.0)
   - Progress is being tracked here: https://github.com/irods/irods/issues/5479
   - clientLogin now sniffs for versions >=4.3.0 and uses the new plugin framework
     - dynamically loads the plugins based on the client environment (i.e. all iCommands use this)
   - Native authentication plugin from original AWG effort integrated into main branch
     - commit: https://github.com/irods/irods/commit/35e3c9ee9d6112a8f1f3f5ce118997f2d6bb3259
   - Working to implement PAM and Kerberos for 4.3.0
     - Initial effort will port legacy PAM plugin included with iRODS server
   - Considering not implementing osauth or GSI
     - discussion: https://groups.google.com/g/irod-chat/c/sSlBMvI-21o
   - PAM stack with multiple challenges is the main use case
     - To emulate/copy functionality in the SURF PoC
     - https://github.com/stefan-wolfsheimer/irods_auth_plugin_pam_interactive
   - PAM token length consideration - OIDC token too long for iRODS password field
     - solved/workaround is to hash the token on the client slide plugin
       - still allows it to be compared
 - Next Meeting
   - March 2022

