## Authentication Working Group Minutes

Tuesday, 2022/10/25

10:00 am ET

## Attendees:

Terrell Russell, Alan King, Kory Draughn, Dave Fellinger, Harry Kodden (SURF), Martin Golasowski (IT4I), Claudio Cacciari (SURF), Stefan Wolfsheimer (SURF), Sandi Cimerman (Groningen), Mike Conway (NIEHS), Ander Astudillo (SURF)

## Minutes

### SUMMARY:

DISCUSSION

 - RENCI update
   - iinit PR nearly merged
   - https://github.com/irods/irods_client_icommands/pull/324
 - SURF update - Harry Kodden
   - Refresh token implemented - demo
     - https://github.com/HarryKodden/SRAM-iRODS-Showcase
     - SRAM token flow
     - OIDC - Authorization code flow
     - OIDC - Device code flow
   - Originally developed in pam_python â€¦ now in C and C++
   - Syncs users and groups from SRAM to iRODS
     - https://github.com/HarryKodden/irods-ldap-sync
 - Mike Conway investigating Jargon and keycloak together (iRODS as keycloak storage)
   - https://github.com/NIEHS/jargon-keycloak
 - Next Meeting
   - Jan 2023

