## Authentication Working Group Minutes

Tuesday, 2022/01/25

10:00 am ET

## Attendees:

Terrell Russell, Alan King, Kory Draughn, Martin Golasowski (IT4I), Lazlo Westerhof (Utrecht University), Deep Patel (NIEHS), John Constable (Sanger), Mike Conway (NIEHS), Claudio Cacciari (SURF)

## Minutes

### SUMMARY:

DISCUSSION

 - Working to incorporate this group's work into 4.3.0
   - Working on building framework into main branch
     - Native auth only at the moment
     - Other 4-5 methods will be copy/paste, and then wiring
   - Then switch to using the framework directly
     - Interactive, plugin-driven flow (multi-step, PAM, etc.)
   - iinit will do a server-version check
     - If pre-4.3, existing methods
     - If 4.3+, new framework
 - Background/Reference information
   - Gen3 auth framework - fence
   - https://github.com/uc-cdis/fence 
   - https://www.cell.com/cell-genomics/pdf/S2666-979X(21)00037-9.pdf 
 - Possible BlueSky Future
   - iRODS gets out of the business of auth, just trust PAM (already flexible)
   - Would require some cookbooks / best practices documents
   - But this is not in the near term, we're dedicated to stability for now
 - Next Meeting
   - Feb 2022

