## Authentication Working Group Minutes

Tuesday, 2022/09/27

10:00 am ET

## Attendees:

Terrell Russell, Alan King, Kory Draughn, Dave Fellinger, Mike Conway (NIEHS), Sandi Cimerman (Groningen), Martin Golasowski (IT4I), Tony Edgin (CyVerse)

## Minutes

### SUMMARY:

DISCUSSION

 - RENCI update
   - Made some progress in testing environment
     - Adding static iRODS release images
     - Which include already-released iRODS server code
     - Rather than downloading packages every standup
 - Next steps for the pam_interactive plugin?
   - Refresh token implementation - SURF
   - Waiting on automated testing - RENCI
   - Modifications for iinit needed - RENCI
   - Deciding about separate plugin release vs included with server packages
 - Clients must learn the new authentication framework (4.3.0)
   - need to each learn how to pam_interactive
     - Python Client Library - IT4I already has a fork, want handsfree
     - REST API
     - Java
     - Go
 - FASP Clients
   - https://github.com/NIEHS/fasp-clients
   - Related conversations
   - Looking at adding keycloak to existing container testing
 - Next Meeting
   - Oct 2022

