## Authentication Working Group Minutes

Tuesday, 2023/02/28

10:00 am ET

## Attendees:

Kory Draughn, Alan King, Claudio Cacciari (SURF), Harry Kodden (SURF), Martin Golasowski (IT4I), Mike Conway (NIEHS), Tony Edgin (CyVerse), Sai Poomdla (Sanger), Bruno Canning (Sanger)

## Minutes

### SUMMARY:

DISCUSSION

 - RENCI update
   - Investigating OIDC for the C++ REST API
     - Successfully deployed OAuth2 Proxy for another app
     - Still need to learn more about how OAuth2/OIDC work
   - iinit PR has been merged for 4.3.1
   - Alan: Planning to meet with SURF to discuss PAM interactive
     - Will look deeper into adding support for the Consortiumâ€™s official processes for testing and release
 - Harry: Consider doing integration testing using Keycloak
   - Allows spinning up OIDC clients, etc quickly
 - Mike: Working with Keycloak to do testing (REST API backed by iRODS)
   - This is an ongoing process
 - Martin: Also using Keycloak to drive the auth process for a REST API designed in-house
   - Blockers encountered for 4.3.0 (they rely on things in previous version of iRODS)
     - Change to plugin interface is stopping them from building the older OIDC plugin
     - https://github.com/irods-contrib/irods_auth_plugin_openid
     - https://github.com/lexis-project/irods_auth_plugin_openid
   - Considering the idea of moving to the iRODS C++ REST API
 - Claudio: Awaiting integration of PAM interactive work
   - No updates to code, etc at this time
 - Next Meeting
   - Mar 2023
