## Authentication Working Group Minutes

Tuesday, 2023/10/24

10:00 am ET

## Attendees:

Terrell Russell, Kory Draughn, Alan King, Martin Flores, Harry Kodden (SURF), Claudio Cacciari (SURF)

## Minutes

### SUMMARY:

DISCUSSION

 - OIDC/OAuth2 in HTTP API
   - OIDC Merged - https://github.com/irods/irods_client_http_api/pull/75
   - Initial release coming this week
     - process_stash PR
     - Dockerization PR
       - Builder (released/built image will be published)
       - Runner
     - Documentation PR
   - After initial release
     - Alternative user mapping to happen after initial release
     - Refresh tokens
 - Deprecating temporary passwords
   - Maastricht looking into current usage
   - Thinking usage can be moved to LimitedPassword
     - Differences are minimal - obfuscation, TTL
     - Python client does not yet support LimitedPassword API
 - pam_password in 4.3
   - Berlin reporting something is different in the prompting codepaths
   - pam_password now prompting more consistently than 4.2 'pam'
   - PamAuthCheck has not changed since 2016
   - May actually want pam_interactive due to controlling the flow
   - Current thinking - this may be behaving as expected/desired
   - Consortium may need to write our own pam module for testing/confirmation
 - Next meeting
   - January 2024
