## Authentication Working Group Minutes

Tuesday, 2023/04/25

10:00 am ET

## Attendees:

Terrell Russell, Kory Draughn, Alan King, Dave Fellinger, Martin Flores, Justin James, Mike Conway (NIEHS), Claudio Cacciari (SURF), Bruno Canning (Sanger)

## Minutes

### SUMMARY:

DISCUSSION

 - pam_interactive
   - PR 2 still open
   - Will follow up with Stefan
 - OIDC/oauth2 in REST C++ API
   - Martin still researching, ready to focus on this after 4.2.12
   - Kory has been redesigning the HTTP API but separate from the OAuth2 effort
 - Keycloak integrations
   - iRODS DRS (GA4GH) demo/integration last Friday
     - Near success - a little configuration cleanup still required
   - Token passing worked as expected
   - https://www.ga4gh.org/news/ga4gh-passports-and-the-authorization-and-authentication-infrastructure/ 
 - Next Meeting
   - May 2023
