## Authentication Working Group Minutes

Tuesday, 2024/04/23

10:00 am ET

## Attendees:

Terrell Russell, Kory Draughn, Alan King, Harry Kodden (SURF), Claudio Cacciari (SURF)

## Minutes

### SUMMARY:

DISCUSSION

 - OIDC/OAuth2 in HTTP API
   - No updates
 - pam_interactive
   - Account spoofing discussion
     - https://github.com/irods/irods_auth_plugin_pam_interactive/issues/18
     - https://github.com/irods/irods_auth_plugin_pam_interactive/pull/19 
     - Haven't merged it yet - awaiting input
     - Harry will evaluate this PR
   - Is this ready for a release?
     - There are no tests
       - Look at the gitlab instance at SURF for inspiration
     - Not until after 4.3.2 and UGM
 - Next Meeting
   - June 2024
