## Authentication Working Group Minutes

Tuesday, 2024/06/25

10:00 am ET

## Attendees:

Terrell Russell, Kory Draughn, Alan King, Claudio Cacciari (SURF)

## Minutes

### SUMMARY:

DISCUSSION

 - OIDC/OAuth2 in HTTP API
   - OIDC support included in HTTP API 0.3.0
   - Considering deprecating older flows based on standards/recommendations
   - Additional/pluggable mapping options
     - SURF, static mapping configuration file OR
     - SURF, remote URL with 'dynamic' mapping file
       - with local cache, timeout, TTL
   - JWT verification
   - Take access token scopes into consideration
   - See UGM slides, link here (once it's posted, terrell is slow)
 - pam_interactive
   - Account spoofing discussion
     - https://github.com/irods/irods_auth_plugin_pam_interactive/issues/18
     - https://github.com/irods/irods_auth_plugin_pam_interactive/pull/19 
     - Haven't merged it yet - considering alternate approaches
       - Found other logic around SSL switches
       - Possible 'global' for username fix
       - Still evaluating
     - Harry will evaluate this PR
   - Is this ready for a release?
     - There are no tests
       - Look at the gitlab instance at SURF for inspiration
 - Next Meeting
   - July 2024
