## Authentication Working Group Minutes

Tuesday, 2025/03/25

10:00 am ET

## Attendees:

Terrell Russell, Alan King, Martin Flores

## Minutes

### SUMMARY:

DISCUSSION

 - Client library implementations of 4.3 auth flows
   - C++ - native, pam_password, pam_interactive
   - Python - native, pam_password
   - Java - native, pam_password (via irods4j)
   - Go - none
 - OIDC/OAuth2 in HTTP API
   - JWT verification
     - Support for encrypted JWTs (once jwt-cpp is updated enough)
   - Will remove client mode after iRODS 5.0.0 is released
 - Syncing external user lists/groups -> iRODS user table
   - User Creation
     - upstream will automatically sync user to iRODS
   - User Deletion
     - upstream will delete user from iRODS
     - Has a default policy for 'deleted user' and orphaned data
       - Multiple groups?
       - Multiple ownership?
     - Then ownership is transferred to admin/service account
       - Maybe iRODS could define something like this internally
     - Tagged with metadata about who it used to be owned by / project
       - Maybe iRODS could tag with standard namespace / information
   - Group Creation
   - Group Deletion
   - Group Membership Update
     - Add to Group
     - Remove from Group
   - User/Group renames
     - Not allowed in iRODS, will have to create/delete
   - Possible for Metadata Guard and 'official' namespace
     - Server side PEPs could be aware of the namespaces
       - Firing twice would â€¦ skip the second time
   - Need to create an issue in irods/irods
 - Server-side function/API to determine 'highest' level of permission on an object/collection
   - Currently requires a lot of client-side queries to determine
   - Very expensive/slow
   - Need to create an issue in irods/irods
 - Next Meeting
   - April 2025
